here's what's going on at the movies my
name is David pack house I'm 22 years
old and I'm an international arms dealer
the comedy war dogs tells the incredible
true story of two friends who become big
time arms dealers super for homeland
security relax bro my name is Cooper
if you must blink do it now a boy must
battle gods and monsters to save his
family in the animated action adventure
and the two-string give this story happy
what is your name Ben aha in the
amped-up epic Ben Hur a falsely accused
Prince takes revenge on the brother who
enslaved him you die and finally let's
find out what's hot in theaters this
weekend with this week's fan tissa
patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know in the comments below
we'll see you next time on weekend
ticket
you